2020-05-11 tsc mtg notes (#1014)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenColorIO: docs/tsc/meetings/2020-05-11.md

<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0 -->
<!-- Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project. -->

May 11, 2020

Host: Michael Dolan

Rotating Secretary: Doug Walker

Attendees:
  * [x] Mark Boorer (_TSC_) - Industrial Light & Magic
  * [x] Mei Chu (_TSC_) - Sony Pictures Imageworks
  * [ ] Sean Cooper (_TSC ACES TAC Rep_) - DNEG
  * [x] Michael Dolan (_TSC Chair_) - Epic Games
  * [x] Patrick Hodoul (_TSC_) - Autodesk
  * [ ] John Mertic - Academy Software Foundation / Linux Foundation
  * [x] Carol Payne (_TSC_) - Netflix
  * [ ] Carl Rand (_TSC_) - Weta Digital
  * [x] Doug Walker (_TSC Chief Architect_) - Autodesk
  * [x] Kevin Wheatley (_TSC_) - Framestore
  * Joseph Goldstone - ARRI
  * Bernard Lefebvre - Autodesk

Apologies:
  Sean Cooper

# **OCIO TSC Meeting Notes**

* Videos for OCIO
    - Michael: Emily Olin (ASWF PR director) is hoping to help us develop some videos explaining 
      and demonstrating OCIO, and is looking for studios who can contribute recent images, videos, 
      breakdowns etc. that could be used within that. If any of you have some content you could 
      clear, let me know and I can put Emily in contact with you.

>     - Michael: I was able to get a few things cleared when I was at Sony, but want some new content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Michael: I was able to get a few things cleared when I was at Sony, but it would be great to 
      get some new content in addition to that.
```
